No matter how comfortable the dragon bed in Yangxin Hall is, it can't stand it. It has been lying down for so many days
Poor demon
Empress Dowager wants to entertain King Qi
What Empress Dowager wants to entertain King Qi?
Empress Dowager's banquet is unusual
This not only invited the empress of the various palaces
There are also the inner volumes of civil and military officials
How can we do this?
What are you afraid of? The queen mother has the temper of a cow
I have to lead his bull nose this time
Empress Dowager orders to entertain King Qi
After all, I want to test the truth of King Qi
Your Majesty, don't you also want to test the truth of the empress in the cold palace?
Yao Er Well, His Royal Highness King Qi seems to be here too
Uh, are your injuries healed?
My injury I have been playing chess with friends in the government house in recent days
When were you injured?
Sure enough, it was done on purpose
Fortunately, I'm smart and not fooled.
Then I may have heard it wrong. I'm going to grow vegetables. See you next time. Bye.
Li Dehan
What do you see?
Oh, my slave can see that King Qi is still in love
But but the empress is far from the world
There's no fishing gear.
The good slave thinks that the empress does not seem to have amnesia
It's like a different person